[Music]
okay stay with me here
you were running down a corridor with
three doors looming ahead of you you
hear the blood chilling sounds of a
vampire mad scientist and mutant animals
all chasing after you you have to choose
one of the doors right away the sounds
are getting closer and closer and boo
gotcha do you have the quick
problem-solving skills to survive any
dire situation well take this test and
find out
hey keep track of how many you get right
your results will be at the end number
one a vampire attack a hungry vampire is
following you on a lonely Street one
dark night suddenly you see a house with
its door wide open and decide to hide
there the vampire can't enter your
shelter but is patiently waiting outside
however you still have some hope there
are three tunnels leading out of the
house but inside the first tunnel
there's molten lava the walls of the
second tunnel keep closing every 10
seconds crushing everything that gets
inside as for the third tunnel its
floors are so rotted and weak that the
slightest weight will collapse them and
send you falling down into an abyss what
should you do you have ten seconds to
figure it out
[Music]
hey just wait till morning
vampires can't stand daylight and your
pursuer will have to leave you alone
number two a virus a terrible virus
broke free from a laboratory and now all
animals and plants on earth are mutating
at a horrifying speed you've been trying
to find the solution but instead got
trapped in a lab where it all started
there are three doors you can escape
through are you starting to see the
pattern but behind the first one there
are some aggressive flesh-eating cacti
the second door hides
hundreds of extremely poisonous bees and
the third door prevents an attack from
now fire-breathing cheetahs which door
can lead you to freedom use your 10
seconds wisely
[Music]
you can get out of there alive if you
choose the first door even though the
cacti eat flesh they're still plants and
can't move so you can easily get around
them number three which lever this time
you've been captured by a mad scientist
he's probably the one who came up with
that last virus anyway he's locked you
in a cage but he left you a chance to
escape all you have to do is choose one
of three levers on the wall next to you
the first lever lets hungry wolves into
the cage the second fills the cage with
water and the third lever sends a
mechanism at the top of the cage
crashing down toward the floor
threatening to squish you like a bug
ille which lever should you up for to
survive your only choice is the second
lever yeah it's supposed to fill the
cage with water but all the liquid will
flow up through the bars of the cage and
the scientist should have thought that
one through a little better number for a
persistent pursuer so remember the
vampire you managed to escape from some
time ago bad news it's nighttime again
and he's back on your trail you managed
to get to a room with not one not two
but three buttons when you press the
first one a bolt of lightning will
strike the vampire by pressing the
second button you'll make the room fill
with treasures golden and silver coins
dishes and jewelry you'll be able to
hide among them and the third button
will point several lenses concentrating
sunlight at the vampire which button
should you press think fast
he's coming
[Music]
lightning won't kill the vampire and
there's no sunlight at night but silver
hurts vampires when they touch it so
hiding in those silver coins is the best
idea number five the dive of your life
you're diving in the ocean when you come
across a bee-utiful underwater cave
network but soon enough
you get yourself lost and end up with
just three tunnel exits to choose from
ahead in the first you see a huge
basking shark with a mouth big enough to
gulp you up like a peanut the second is
swarming with box jellyfish the most
venomous species in the world
the third tunnel is extremely long and
your oxygen tank probably won't make the
journey
so which tunnel do you choose you're ten
seconds start now
[Music]
yeah go with the first tunnel despite
their huge size and scary sounding name
basking sharks are totally harmless to
humans
number six an escape plan you're locked
in a room again
you really should be more careful and
guess what yes one of three doors is
your escape route behind the first door
there's a crocodile that hasn't eaten
for two years the second door hides a
lion that's been hungry for almost two
weeks and behind the third door there's
a red hot desert which door leads to
freedom well before you assume those
predators are long gone after starving
like that think again
crocodiles can go up to three years
without food and lions can do the same
for two weeks so yeah they're still
alive and you must look absolutely
delicious to them just wait till the
desert cools off at night and leave
through the third door
number seven an ice castle well you find
yourself stuck in an ice castle surprise
surprise
there are three doors you can escape
through surprise surprise surprise but
behind the first door you'll encounter
an angry bear behind the second door
it's so cold you'll be frozen on the
spot and the corridor behind the third
door is filled chest high with water
swarming with piranhas which door will
you choose
[Music]
now if it's an ice castle then the water
behind the third door will also be
frozen just climb on top of it and crawl
out poor fishies though wait a minute
they're piranhas number 8 the mad
scientist's magic lotion yes he's back
and he's kidnapped you the scientist
wants to test his new protective cream
on you after covering you with this
magic lotion which you absolutely don't
trust he makes you choose one of three
containers to jump in one of the
containers is filled with radioactive
waste in the second container there's
acid that can eat through metal the
third one is filled with lava from a
volcano that destroyed a whole town a
year ago which container will it be you
have 10 seconds to decide hey pick the
container with lava if the volcano
erupted a year ago the lava will already
be solid and cool number 9 locked in a
row well since you just outsmarted the
scientist he decides to throw you in a
room you can only escape your dungeon
through a hatch in the ceiling why are
you asking yes there are three of them
but upon opening the first hatch you'll
be met by a nest of venomous snakes a
tank of boiling water is on top of the
second hatch and on the third hatch
there's that really hungry lion still
waiting for a meal he's recycling the
prizes here pretty smart huh so which
hatch should you pick to escape when the
villain falls asleep
[Music]
yeah choose the second one because the
boiling water will eventually evaporate
number 10 a mutant beast so back to the
virus that escaped from the lab this
virus has turned some innocent animals
into horrifying monsters one of them has
the bottom part of a mantis and the top
part of a hammerhead shark the second
one is even more bizarre an ape with an
iguanas head and the third one is a
tiger with a head of an elephant you
have to fight one of these animals in an
arena yes you do so which one will you
choose to increase your chances of
survival
[Music]
choose the mantis with the shark's head
sharks can't breathe on land so the
monster won't even make it long enough
for the fight to begin number 11 and
angrier I know you're a plastic surgeon
and you just finished a bad nose job and
the patient is furious with you no wait
that's rhinoplasty never mind you're
really on an African safari
when oh there's a furious Rhino straight
ahead and it's about to charge will you
try to scare the animal away by shouting
and trying to look intimidating or will
you hide in the bushes or behind a tree
maybe you can outrun it you've got ten
seconds before this guy makes a pancake
out of you
[Music]
the only effective way to escape an
angry rhino is to hide behind a tree or
in the bushes these animals have really
poor eyesight and if you hide they'll
soon forget about you and know you can't
outrun a charging rhino they have a
credit card
charging where I don't get it number 12
a room without windows well they must
have a Mac okay I'll stop you're trapped
in a room that's slowly getting filled
with water coming from a faucet in the
wall there are no windows in the room
and the door is sealed shut you have a
mop and a big bucket so how are you
gonna get yourself out of this one
[Music]
hey just turn the faucet off yeah
and now to the most exciting part your
results if you crack one two four
riddles you should probably avoid
vampires mad scientists and any door you
see I'm kidding but you could use some
more practice in solving survival
riddles there are plenty of those here
on the bright side if your result is
five to eight solved puzzles
then you have good chances to pull
through the most unexpected difficulties
and dangers life sometimes has in store
practice more and most difficulties will
turn into all but if your score is nine
to twelve congratulations a person like
you can wriggle out of any difficulty be
it getting lost in the jungle fighting
your way out of a stuck elevator or
forgetting to buy milk for breakfast
hey keep perfecting your skills so were
you able to escape all these scenarios
completely unscathed did you count how
many bad puns I made do you want me to
quit or keep going however you feel let
me know down in the comments if you
learned something new today think of
this video a like and share with a
friend but hey don't go on a blind date
with a mad scientist just yet we have
over two thousand cool videos for you to
check out all you have to do is click on
this left or right video and enjoy stay
on the bright side of life